[DOC-982][yba] Correction to backup location (#28687)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/yugabyte-platform/back-up-restore-universes/back-up-universe-data.md

      /<backup-series-name>-<backup-series-uuid>
        /<backup-type>
          /<creation-time>

>             /<backup-name>_<subtask-uuid>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            /<backup-name>_<uuid>
```

| Backup series name and UUID | The name of the backup series and YBA-generated UUID. The UUID ensures that YBA can correctly identify the appropriate folder. |
| Backup type | `full` or `incremental`. Indicates whether the subfolders contain full or incremental backups. |
| Creation time | The time the backup was started. |

> | Backup name and subtask UUID | The name of the backup and YBA-generated subtask UUID. This folder contains the backup files (metadata and success) and subfolders (tablet components). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Backup name and UUID | The name of the backup and YBA-generated UUID that uniquely identifies the backup object. This folder contains the backup files (metadata and success) and subfolders (tablet components). |
```

> You can also use [yba-cli](../../anywhere-automation/anywhere-cli/) to get a list of backups and then a specific backup's details as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use [yba-cli](../../anywhere-automation/anywhere-cli/) to get a list of backups and their details as follows:
```
